Mon 20103 proofread monitoring resources (#2506)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/monitoring/templates.md

To add a Service Template:

> Go into the **Configuration > Services > Templates** menu and click **Add**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to **Configuration > Services > Templates** and click **Add**.
```

### Explanations

> Good practice requires that services templates be associated with a host's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good practice requires that services templates be associated with a host
```

> templates: on creation of a host, the services are generated automatically from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
template: on creation of a host, the services are generated automatically from
```

> Good practice requires that service templates be associated with a host's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good practice requires that service templates be associated with a host
```

> the host's templates. There are two advantages of linking service templates to

Reviewer: ?

> the host's templates. There are two advantages of linking service templates to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the host's templates. There are two advantages in linking service templates to
```

host templates:

  - The services generated automatically retain their granularity, i.e., it is
    possible to change the Attributes of a service without affecting the other
    services obtained from this template
  - The creation of new hosts is speeded up greatly: simply define

>     the host and the host's templates associated with it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the host and the host's templates associated with it.
```

> e.g.: We create the srvi-web-01 host according to the template below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example: We create the srvi-web-01 host according to the template below:
```

To add a contact template:

> Go into the following menu: **Configuration > Users > Contact Templates**, and click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to **Configuration > Users > Contact Templates**, and click
```
